my mother died when I was seven years
old car accident I saw it two months
before it happened
Jimmy in the flesh so how like it's
day-to-day you know
I'm James I got a proposition for you I
need you to do that thing you do in that
head of yours
need you to find safe passage
I saw my death I warned you tonight I
had no choice I needed the war of course
you had a choice it's not what I saw
[Music]
have you been like this it was more of
an affliction sadly you make it sound
like a disease what about him saying
that you saw the hand off know many
things all that goes with both of them
so we're not safe here would anybody
that you said you saw this work I did
what I don't know right now you've got
to do everything in your power to change
this you've got to leave now beginning
to that this is gonna be hard to
understand maybe it's time you learned
the truth about your condition
you